Add documentation about redis cache configuration (#14683)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/cache/adapters/redis_adapter.rst

    $client = RedisAdapter::createConnection('redis://localhost');
    $cache = new RedisTagAwareAdapter($client);

Configuring Redis
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When redis is used as cache its recommended to configure the `maxmemory` and `maxmemory-policy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Redis as cache, you should configure the `maxmemory` and `maxmemory-policy` settings.
```

> read more about this topic in the offical `Redis LRU Cache Documentation`_. Normally the redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about this topic in the offical `Redis LRU Cache Documentation`_.
```

> config can be found int `/etc/redis/redis.conf`. The `maxmemory` depend on the usage of the cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting `maxmemory`, you limit how much memory Redis is allowed to consume. If the amount is too low, Redis will drop entries that would still be useful and you benefit less from your cache. Setting the `maxmemory-policy` to 
`allkeys-lru` tells Redis that it is ok to drop data when it runs out of memory, and to first drop the oldest entries (least 
recently used). If you do not allow Redis to drop entries, it will return an error when you try to add data when no 
memory is available. An example setting could look as follows:
```

> to low it could kickout things which could be still important, to high could end in using too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> much memory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
